feat(docs): update pwa guide and other metro resources (#26475)
expo/expo: docs/pages/guides/customizing-metro.mdx

  Icon={BookOpen02Icon}
/>

## Web support

Since Expo SDK 46, Expo CLI has support for bundling websites using Metro. This is the same bundler used for native apps, and it is designed to be universal across platforms. It is the recommended bundler for web projects in Expo SDK 50 and greater.

### Expo webpack versus Expo Metro

> If you previously wrote your website using the deprecated `@expo/webpack-adapter`, refer to [the migration guide](/router/migrate/from-expo-webpack) and [comparison chart](/router/migrate/from-expo-webpack#expo-cli).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you previously wrote your website using the deprecated `@expo/webpack-adapter`, see the [migration guide](/router/migrate/from-expo-webpack) and [comparison chart](/router/migrate/from-expo-webpack#expo-cli).
```

> Available in SDK 49 and higher.

> Expo's Metro config has support for the `compilerOptions.paths` and `compilerOptions.baseUrl` fields in the project's `tsconfig.json` (or `jsconfig.json`) file. This enables absolute imports and aliases in the project. Learn more in the [TypeScript guide](/guides/typescript).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Expo's Metro config supports the `compilerOptions.paths` and `compilerOptions.baseUrl` fields in the project's **tsconfig.json** (or **jsconfig.json**) file. This enables absolute imports and aliases in the project. See [TypeScript](/guides/typescript) guide for more information.
```

- Let's be concise in the first sentence
- Use bold filename pattern as per our writing styleguide
- Improve verbiage around linking to another guide
-
